Support clang-tools version 15 (#41)
cpp-linter/clang-tools-pip: README.rst

clang-format
************
.. csv-table::
    :header: "Version", "15", "14", "13", "12.0.1", "12", "11", "10", "9", "8", "7", "6", "5", "4", "3.9"
    :stub-columns: 1

    Linux,✔️,✔️,✔️,✔️,✔️,✔️,✔️,✔️,✔️,✔️,✔️,✔️,✔️,✔️
    Windows,✔️,✔️,✔️,✔️,✔️,✔️,✔️,✔️,✔️,✔️,✔️,✔️,✔️,✔️
    macOS,✔️,✔️,✔️,✔️,✔️,✔️,✔️,✔️,✔️,✔️,✔️,✔️,✔️,✔️

clang-tidy
**********
.. csv-table::
    :header: "Version", "15", "14", "13", "12.0.1", "12", "11", "10", "9", "8", "7", "6", "5", "4", "3.9"
    :stub-columns: 1

    Linux,❌,❌,✔️,✔️,✔️,✔️,✔️,✔️,✔️,✔️,✔️,✔️,✔️,✔️
    Windows,✔️,✔️,✔️,✔️,✔️,✔️,✔️,✔️,✔️,✔️,✔️,✔️,✔️,✔️
    macOS,✔️,✔️,✔️,✔️,✔️,✔️,✔️,✔️,✔️,✔️,✔️,✔️,✔️,✔️

Know issues:

1. clang-tidy-14 and clang-tidy-15 has Segmentation fault on Ubuntu 22.02.

> 2. clang-format-14 is over 1 GB for MacOSX

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. clang-tidy-14 and clang-tidy-15 is over 1 GB for MacOSX
```
